#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   click-log
    #   python-semantic-release
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   secretstorage
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
dotty-dict==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
invoke==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
keyring==23.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
python-gitlab==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
python-semantic-release==7.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-gitlab
    #   python-semantic-release
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-gitlab
    #   twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
tomlkit==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   twine
twine==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
zipp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
