#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=docs --extra=tutorials --output-file=docs/sphinx-requirements.txt
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via dash
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via solara
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flask
    #   mesa
    #   rich-click
    #   solara
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via osbrain
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
cookiecutter==2.2.3
    # via mesa
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.11.1
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   dash-cytoscape
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-cytoscape==0.3.0
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.6.8
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   osbrain
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   nbsphinx
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via solara
flask==2.2.5
    # via dash
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
future==0.18.3
    # via uncertainties
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
humanize==4.7.0
    # via solara
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
ipykernel==6.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   solara
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipyvue==1.9.2
    # via
    #   ipyvuetify
    #   solara
ipyvuetify==1.8.10
    # via solara
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via
    #   ipyvue
    #   reacton
    #   solara
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mpld3
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   solara
    #   sphinx
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.18.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   solara
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   solara
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   mpld3
    #   pydynamic
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mesa==2.1.1
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mpld3==0.5.9
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbsphinx
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   solara
nbsphinx==0.9.2
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   mesa
notebook==7.0.1
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   matplotlib
    #   mesa
    #   pandas
    #   pydynamic
    #   pywavelets
    #   scipy
    #   time-series-buffer
osbrain==0.6.5
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   mesa
    #   pydynamic
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.15.0
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   dash
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydynamic==2.4.1
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pymdown-extensions==10.1
    # via solara
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pyro4==4.82
    # via osbrain
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via pydynamic
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pymdown-extensions
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   osbrain
reacton==1.7.1
    # via solara
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
referencing==0.30.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dash
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   solara
    #   sphinx
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.5.2
    # via rich-click
rich-click==1.6.1
    # via solara
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   pydynamic
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
serpent==1.41
    # via pyro4
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
solara==1.19.0
    # via mesa
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   nbsphinx
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.2.2
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.31.0
    # via solara
sympy==1.12
    # via pydynamic
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
time-series-buffer==0.1.4b0
    # via
    #   agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
    #   pydynamic
time-series-metadata==0.1.1
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mesa
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via mesa
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   dash
    #   reacton
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uncertainties==3.1.7
    # via time-series-buffer
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via solara
visdcc==0.0.50
    # via agentMET4FOF (setup.py)
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via solara
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via solara
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
